Update index.md with body transformations section (#4595)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/request-transformer-advanced/index.md

## Arrays and nested objects

{% include plugins/request-response-transformer/arrays-nested-objects.md %}

## Body transformations

Body transformations are only performed for:

> * Requests in which the `Content-Type` header is set to `application/json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Body transformations are only performed for requests where the `Content-Type` header is set to `application/json`.
```
